---
layout : post
title : "Nov 06"
date : 2022-Nov-06
---
Well I am writing this on 7 Nov, So what did I do yesterday aaaah I can’t remember , well I have quizzes to prepare on 7,8 nov bet I didn’t do that.

I tried to read Rocket Propulsion and AE651 stuff but I guess miserably failed at it, Well I ended up watching few movies and practiced guitar

I am playing chords with the help of guitar tuna app, I can take practice tests where it keeps displaying chords for some time and gives rank at the end its fun kind of like how I am obsessed on taking typing tests again and again.

About Movies, I watched a movie called ‘We are your friends’ it’s about a DJ so I decided to learn DJing it would be a pretty good party skill to have.

Web3 development professional, guitar personal, DJ party look it’s clear now and don’t forget Aerospace Hobby.

> Web3 development professional, guitar personal, DJ party ,look it’s clear now and don’t forget Aerospace Hobby.
> 

and also a movie called ‘Unpregnant’ its a comedy it was good too just showing how people can be.

I may have spent a lot of time browsing for movies, I know I know man what kind of a person I am becoming right …. well what can I say dude it is what it is…

> It is never what it is . It is what it should be and what it could be. - - - Ayn Rand
> 

So what could I be and what do I want to be. I want to be get pleasure by reading and learning things like the other day when I was learning about nozzles and I saw a video Elon explaining his engines and I got to understand some of it, that felt really rewarding. 

I guess my movie learning has reached its threshold and at this point I am just wasting time, being in a numb state with nothing to think just sitting there and letting the time go by.

Ok enough with that;

I made a layout for my blog website yesterday its in my diary.

Gotta learn React quickly and start working on it.

I hope I have a fully functional blog by the end of this year. I talked to a guy he said It should be that difficult if you know the stuff.

I also want to mention this I feel like I am missing all the things I can learn from my Aerospace branch by skipping classes and not preparing for exams, I kind of feel bad about that.

Also yesterday my father called and we talked about the money I have and he said he would send me 10k, man I feel bad and relieved , relieved because I was feeling ashamed to ask for money and bad because I don’t have a source of income of my own.