---
layout : post
title : "Jan 29"
date : 2023-01-29
---
It’s 10:42 PM and I am sad about today so far.

I woke up at 10 AM and was feeling very uneasy, played some guitar, felt fire in my left fingers.

I never played guitar as soon as I wake up before, Then I go to get a hair-cut, which ended up really bad, it was terrible haircut, they were so bad with it, it was awful man. Now I feel so insecure, I used to feel sexy looking myself in the mirror, now I don’t I feel repulsive, I am gonna feel even less confident to talk to women.

Anyway, I don’t know what I will do about that, should I be anxious about how I look, I mean definitely looks matter for the first impressions but after the first conversation it is not that involved anymore.

Funny how, a little haircut can make a mood change so drastically, or I let it do that.

Anyway later I bathed and ate lunch, went to the library and watched graham norton show with Meryll Streep, When I finally decided to write it was last half hour for the library because it was sunday and they close early in the weekends.

Later I wanted to write, I try to figure out locations where I can sit and write, then feel dreadful and decide to go to my hostel. By the meanwhile during walking I have covered all the episodes about Albert Camus in Philosophize This!. I come to the hostel have some snacks even though I wasn’t hungry then watch some more graham norton and go to the gym and it’s 7:45 PM, feel a bit sick like early stages of fever couldn’t do much exercises, so came back feeling bad.

Now on the way back I saw Kriti, obviously didn’t dare to go talk to her now with added insecurity of my hair, I am pretty sure I can carry a conversation but feel terrified to start it, maybe because I run a lot of possible first dialogues in my head before going there and talking. Anyway I will try and talk to her in the future.

Now here I am watched yet another episode of Graham Norton, the one with the Ocean 8’s stars. 

I feel regretted about the day then I realise I have a blog website now, it’s a routine to upload the blog’s every sunday. So here we are, and also it’s still 11 PM not to late to fix the day.