---
layout : post
title : "Weekend Jan 20-22"
data : 2023-01-21
---
I had a lot of ambitions this weekend, wanted get a lot of things done, but the end summary was, Watched glass onion, seven psychopaths and the fault in our stars. Also I watched a many actor roundtables, writer roundtables, and director roundtables to a point where I was totally inspired to write a screenplay and direct a movie right now. But when I hear people say it took three years to write the script so, I am like okay it takes time so don’t beat yourself up if you can’t write anything when you just took out pen and a book.

I tinkered a little bit on my jekyll website, I didn’t code much the template was already there I just had upload the blog pages, it was very easy, but there were issues in deploying the website, I couldn’t find where I can change the branch, that is shown on the site, well when I get stuck in a wall like that usually I wait and contemplate on it for 15 min then just hit ctrl+T and type youtube and started watching youtube videos.

I should really cut back on youtube watch, I am going crazy with it, which is bad. I am gonna loose my semester routine if I do that.

I haven’t read anything for my HS class which makes me so sick, don’t know why. The exams are gonna start to kick in pretty quick now.

Also my father called when I was in the library, he gave an impression as if IITB students work really hard and he is like you look tired bro, is everything ok kind of thing, I am like no man don’t imagine me as a ideal IITB student I had no managerial positions at all, and I waste a lot of fucking time man, watching movies and doing stupid things.

By the way I started a book called “Writers and Lovers” by Lily King. So this will the book I am gonna read this week.

Also I newly added “Less”, “Jaws”, “The Creative Act a way of being” into my Kindle library, there are a lot of unread books in the library hope to read them all.